Assignments completed: 70/70 (100%)
-          Time elapsed: 78:54:10 (h:mm:ss)
-   Average submit time: 201.5 seconds


A2B1YSMEHN1G2K, Thank you for the opportunity. For some reason the hit doesnt
allow me to subit without chexking the boxes even though i could find their
reasons for supporting in all of them. [3ZAZR5XV02UBX9JNS2RP70QVPPOZCB;
373L46LKP7I0U8TECR0ZJ5JTYULKJS]
A1IO6LCL2DAX9B, they were all suporting. it made me click the any supporting
authors claim to submit [3UNH76FOCTHO15L995JKWPM5D65YMC;
3IHWR4LC7DPK4W77LKIWHZV2QF2I8V]
A2B1YSMEHN1G2K, I found reasons for all.. Wont let me submit hit without
cheking all boxes. [3MH9DQ757XO7SM5IO1O0GZWVLZ2GUE;
3NFWQRSHVEQFNKBZ3AOZ6FZ8Y6NFGH]


-- TODO so they have to "find and mark" the reasons!!!

AM3FJP29J6RXZ, It seemed most of the text contained the argument
[3DR23U6WE6QU8VU2I182B0PHP18TE3; 3XUSYT70ITDLEWMIY246XN97FCI0DO]

A2B1YSMEHN1G2K, may want to list in instructions to click twice to select the
sentence. [326O153BMJANR6Y5WB8N6W7VMJSDEK; 3XUSYT70ITDLEWMIY246XN97FCI0DO]

A2U31V169A20GY, The author's position in the last post on college sports is not
really in support of dropping sports programs. He only supports dropping
football, and maybe basketball. He actually mentions other sports he thinks
money should be spent on. [30H4UDGLT3UUSRT8IIN1JYTT93MMPU;
32TMVRKDGNAQWP8S0VGSNYLJLX1846]

-- TODO: if the author gives reasons to something else?

A1UOEP1BJ2SXO7, I had a technical problem following the directions on the
second task - it would not let me choose the last statement as directed - the
end of the sentence would not highlight despite numerous tries.  Thank you.
[3F6HPJW4JECU5WMGKMICWJNRWWC2WK; 3IHWR4LC7DPK4W77LKIWHZV2QF2I8V]

-- TODO: not sure....

AM0BRJN73OG11, Would be helpful if there was an in between for "Are you
familiar with the topic?" - a "somewhat familiar" answer option would make it
easier to answer the question. Or clarify what you mean by being "familiar"
with a  topic. [3K9FOBBF2IVAJOZA2R9UFW999R2LNI; 35A1YQPVFES1HEO5NMBT5FLBOP15IG]

-- TODO: add "somewhat familiar" option

A2U31V169A20GY, I chose some reasons in the post concerning medicare reform,
but I am not entirely sure they are correct. The author of this post seems to
be missing the point. The question is about medicare reform and he seems like
he is advocating that the elderly should not have the same insurance he does.
That isn't really relevant. [3JNQLM5FT5YEU2AHG8BAN86BYNZL2X;
3L84EBDQ37EV5SZWUC0BKKJ6DJLKKR]

-- TODO: Select reasons that the author puts forward; some of them might seem irrelevant to you but
try to understand the argumentation from the author's position



Thanks for your feedback! We'll improve the HITs accordingly. If you like our HITs, any feedback on TurkOpticon will be appreciated! Thanks, Ivan